ansible: add AWX install (#2673)
nodejs/build: doc/awx-setup.md

# Recreating the AWX server

First step is to run the AWX playbook:

```sh 
$ ansible-playbook playbooks/create-awx.yml
```

> _note_: the playbook is currently targeted against `infra-ibm-ubuntu2004-x64-1` so if that changes don't forget to update the playbook

Reviewer: Maybe we could target against the host with the `ansible` alias set?

Author: doesnt seem to be possible

Reviewer: > Maybe we could target against the host with the `ansible` alias set?

Hmm rereading the ansible docs this might not be straightforward. Let's stick to how the PR is for now.

# Manual Setup

## Authentication

> To setup the authentication for AWX you need the github OAuth credentials which can be found in the secrets repo (Infra level).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup the authentication for AWX you need the GitHub OAuth credentials which can be found in the secrets repo (Infra level).
```

Reviewer: I don't think the OAuth credentials have been added to secrets yet?

Author: nope, they will be I dont have the required access so will need to ask a member of infra to add them.

        }
    }
    ```

## Permissions

> Unfortunatly you have to give everyone elevated permissions manually - there isnt a way to do this automatically that fits our use case. Best way to do this is to let the user log in so their profile is automatically created, then you can assign them roles/teams as fitting - Make sure you set the members of the build team as system administrators.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unfortunately you have to give everyone elevated permissions manually - there isn't a way to do this automatically that fits our use case. Best way to do this is to let the user log in so their profile is automatically created, then you can assign them roles/teams as fitting - Make sure you set the members of the build team as system administrators.
```
